__
layout: post
title: The Goal (novel)
---

Last updated: 16/11/03


## Goal  

### Why do we haver goals? 

* Goals direct decision making 
* Goals allows measurement of progress
* Easy in collaboration  

### Trial

* Make product?
* Increase Market share? 
* Produce quality products? 
* Produce efficiently? 
* Increase stockholder value? 

### Jonah's Goal = The goal, The only goal. 

* Revenue throughput 
* Ability to generate cash 
* The only goal is to reduce operating expense and reduce inventory while simultaneously increasing throughtput. The most powerful effect is to increase throughput

## Key concept 

* __Inventory__: All the money the company has invested to produce products (Final goods, facilities, labors, any assets) 
    * Reducing inventories means to minimize the cost 

* __Throughput__: The rate of where the system generates money through sales. Producing less, making money more. 

* __Operational expenses__: All the money spent to convert inventory to throughput. 

* __Bottleneck__: Any resource whose capacity is less than its demand. 

## Theory of Constraints (TOC) 

* Individual work center / department productivity doesn't matter nearly as much as the productivity of the system.   
    * Focusing on individual work center impedes to focus on the performance of the total system. 
* Balance the flow with the demand
* To increase throughput, focus on the bottleneck, because the hour lost at a bottleneck is an hour lost by the entire system.

## TOC process

* Identify the constraint 
    * Limits of the capacity

* Make everything else subordinate 
    * Only focusing on the constraints, by other works are being dependent on the constraints. 
    * Rebuild the system as a chain that led by the constraints. 

* Improve the constraints. 

### Example: Boy scout hike 

* Identify the constraints 
    * Hurby is the slowest boy! 
* Make every resources surbodinate 
    * Hurby leads the team, so that every boys have to follow the Hurby, without passing him by! 
* Improve the constraints. 
    * Encourage Hurby! 
    * Take the small backpack! 



## Think 

### What is my goal? 

__Trial__ 

* Write many paper as possible 
* Obtain a professional knowledge about Machine learning algorithm to healthcare with implementing knowledge


__Real goal?__