---
layout: post
title: QnD review process  
---

Last updated: 16/10/06. 

## QnD review 

This essay is motivated by Facebook posting of Ji Soo Yi. Previously, he was an associated proefessor in Purdue, and currently he is a vice president of Samsung Electronics. 

Every semester, the first homework of this class (graduate course) is to review 100 research papers related to Human Factor area in a week. 100 papers in a week! Someone might think this cannot be done within a week. However, reviewing 100 papers within a week is possible if one review each papers in skimming (only takes 5 minutes in reviewing). 

In 5 minutes, one can read a title / abstract with keywords / figure / conclusion and discussion. This is the first pass of the reviewing methods suggested by "How to read a paper". After the first pass, students are required to summarize the result of the first pass in a sentence. Also, their idea comming out of reading the paper are required to be written in a sentence. Professor Ji Soo Yi named this homework as 'Quick and Dirty (QnD) review'. 

One significant advantages of QnD review is that students can have a map of human factor area. They can grasp where the importances are on in human factor area, and they will have chance to find their research interest. 

Why didn't I try QnD review? It might be so fun to do! I will do it, and report to my blog.

## Reference 

* Facebook posting of Ji Soo Yi.
* Keshav, S. "How to read a paper." ACM SIGCOMM Computer Communication Review 37.3 (2007): 83-84.
