---
layout: post
title: How do we get to true-understanding? 
---

Although being in a research field for 3 years (including my master), it is always very difficult to be self-aware of understanding. Making a clear distinction of ‘feeling’ understanding (a.k.a. fake understanding) and true understanding is very tricky, before you are facing a test related to the subject. Especially, I had a bad habit of confusing ‘fake’ and ‘true’ understanding; many knowledge I felt I understood are turned out to be not mine after being tested. It has been always humiliating to face the situation that I coud not answer the challenging question in the field I told I understood. As a new Ph.D student, it is my obligation to have clear eyes for distinguishng fake understanding and true understanding. 

One who reach to understanding can see patterns and formularize the patterns. Furthermore, one can have a different perspective after understanding. True- undertanding makes people possible to explain the concept with 8-year old kid language regardless of how hard the concept is. In contrast, fake understanding always encourages people to become a hipster, who always wanted to be looked like a genius, but knew nothing in actual. Clear distinction between fake understanding and true understanding is shown in the presentation and discussion. 

A reason that many impatient researchers (like me) fell down into the fake-understaidnng trap is that they are always looking for easy ways to get to the deep understanding; even though there are no such ways existing. Reaching to the understanding is followed by tiredsome, troublesome, distressing, time-consuming, brainteasing and ceaseless practices. No ways exist for arriving to the understanding without those pains. 

How do we get to true-understanding? Professor Bareinboim in Purdue University gave a hint during the meeting; you can arrive only by hands, not by eyes. Looking through the paper, textbook or tutorial without using hands only lead researchers into fake-understanding. These are some tips for true-understanding.

* Write everything to the note, (equivalently) DO NOT just make a quick look to concepts. If you set a target knowledge, you write over and over until you can write every single knowledge without even seeing it. Many mathematical professors in my alma-mata told me that people who truely understand the concept can write the textbook about the concept; he/she can write the definition, theorems and collaries, and examples without seeing it. 
* Play with tangible data / numbers. Mathematical formulation cannot be target knowledge; It is just a representation of the knowledge generated as a result of logical thinking. This logical thinking underneath the mathematical formulation is our target knowledge. Mathematics is only a representation patterns, that can be observable through many data. For example, we have to observe multiple times that five items can be seperated as a set of two items and a set of three items, for truely understanding the formula 2+3 = 5. I couldn’t answer Prof. Bareinboim’s question due to failure in understanding the underneath concept. 
* Swipe from the basic concept. I say ‘swipe’ instead of ‘study’, because skipping some pages is not allowed. I say the basic concept, because no jumps are allowed. Even Professor Elias said that he and other students spent one-two year to understand in deep level. Dr.Tsien Hsue-shen said that 5 years of basic theory, 5 years of application theory, and 5 years of implementation are needed for developing a satellite successully. In similar, 2 years of theoretical study, 2 years of application study, and 1 years of implementation is needed for being a successful Ph.D. 
