---
layout: post
title: Dataset I can access 
---

In [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/search?CompetitionNameColumnSort=None&RewardColumnSort=None&TeamsColumnSort=None&DeadlineColumnSort=Descending&ActiveColumnSortNameAndValue=%28DeadlineColumnSort%2C%20Descending%29&HasEnteredAnyCompetition=False&HasHostedAnyCompetition=False&SearchVisibility=EnterableCompetitions&ShowActive=False&ShowCompleted=True&ShowProspect=False&ShowOpenToAll=True&ShowPrivate=True&ShowLimited=True&ShowInclass=False), one can access to super rich dataset, that is publicly open. Some interesting dataset are follow: 

## Predict HIV Progression

[Link](https://www.kaggle.com/c/hivprogression/data)


__Explanation (Kaggle)__

Models can be trained using the records of 1,000 patients. To predict an improvement in a patient's viral load, competitors will be provided with data on the nucleotide sequences of their Reverse Transcriptase (RT) their Protease (PR) and their viral load and CD4 count at the beginning of therapy. There is a brief discussion of the science of these variables in the Background section, but no knowledge of biology is necessary to succeed in this competition. Competitors' predictions will be tested on a dataset containing 692 patients.         

__Data structure__

The Dataset is organized as follows:

* Col-1: patient ID
* Col-2: responder status ("1" for patients who improved and "0" otherwise)
* Col-3: Protease nucleotide sequence (if available)
* Col-4: Reverse Transciptase nucleotide sequence (if available)
* Col-5: viral load at the beginning of therapy (log-10 units)
* Col-6: CD4 count at the beginning of therapy


## Predict a biological response of molecules from their chemical properties

[Link](https://www.kaggle.com/c/bioresponse)

__Goal__

The objective of the competition is to help us build as good a model as possible so that we can, as optimally as this data allows, relate molecular information, to an actual biological response.

We have shared the data in the comma separated values (CSV) format. Each row in this data set represents a molecule. The first column contains experimental data describing an actual biological response; the molecule was seen to elicit this response (1), or not (0). The remaining columns represent molecular descriptors (d1 through d1776), these are calculated properties that can capture some of the characteristics of the molecule - for example size, shape, or elemental constitution. The descriptor matrix has been normalized.

## Grasp-and-Lift EEG Detection


